---
layout: post
title: Getting there
---

When I think about the products or companies I care about that motivate me to code, that affect the way I live my life, my first instinct is to say nothing or to say something like "I'm not interested in endorsing another brand or oganization without being properly compensated." Of course, if this were really the case, with the direction my life is headed now, I'd never talk about anything and my conversations would be really dull.

Since it's nearly impossible to live in the modern world without our lives being inundated with technology and software that enhances (or aims to enhance our daily living), I'll acquiesce and talk about something I truly care about deep down... my Samsung S4.

For the S5 owners who may be reading this, that model wasn't available when I purchased mine. I couldn't wait another 2 months due to the fact that my 3 year old antiquated piece o' @$#^ was causing more headaches than I had Tylenol to cure. Was I impatient? Perhaps. Was I ecstatic upon upgrading my phone? You bet. Do I have phone envy now? Hmm... with the constant updating and upgrades available, is it ever possible to quell phone envy for long periods of time? Do you have any idea how much I love rhetorical questions?

Anyway, it wasn't until purchasing this mini super computer/telephone that I saw the true power of handheld applications. Yes, I've witnessed the magic in the hands of others but I allowed my state of denial to keep me from the inevitable truth... that we would all succumb to the power available at our fingertips one day. I held out, not because I was anti upgrade. I'm just a creature of habit for better or worse.

Suddenly I have this device that connects me to a store where I can buy anything I want, any time, any place in the world. Be it a game or a book or a service, with the swipe of my fingertip, I now have whatever my bank account can afford to acquire. This is awesome. This is power. This is... dangerous.

I'm not one for laws to protect us from ourselves, but holy guacamole... when I left Verizon and said "I do", the holy matrimony between me and my new phone was either going to guide me down a righteous, productive path, or tempt me with nefarious features of the dark arts.

Faced with a daily choice, I have chosen and will continue to choose the former... the righteous. Of course, in order to be a do gooder, one must know the ways of the enemy. So I code... or have decided to learn anyway... to learn it all... or as much as I can. There is no way to learn everything, of course, and to accept that fact is quite relieving. Accepting the fact that the S4 is already out of date is.. well.. not as relieving.

But really, the S4 doesn't have much to do with my choice to code at all. If I really want to get deep into it, I can attribute it to my memories of playing Atari and Commodore 64. That my friends, is a story for another day.

Katzy out!